c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\bin\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.exe.config
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\bin\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.exe
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\bin\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.pdb
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.Form1.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.exe
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.pdb
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.LoginForm.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.MenuForm.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.PaymentForm.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.RentalForm.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.RentalHistory.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.RoomAdd.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.RoomReportForm.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.RoomUpdate.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.VehicleInputForm.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.VehicleViewForm.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.WorkerForm.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.WorkingForm.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.WorkingHistoryForm.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.Customer.resources
c:\users\candy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.CustomerViewForm.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.About.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.PaymentReport.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.WorkerView.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.SubForms.RentalUpdate.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\bin\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.exe.config
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.exe
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.pdb
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\bin\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.exe.config
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.exe
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.pdb
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\bin\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.exe
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\bin\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.pdb
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.About.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.Customer.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.CustomerViewForm.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.LoginForm.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.MenuForm.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.PaymentForm.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.PaymentReport.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.RentalForm.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.RentalHistory.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.SubForms.RentalUpdate.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.RoomAdd.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.RoomReportForm.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.RoomUpdate.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.VehicleInputForm.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.VehicleViewForm.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.WorkerForm.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.WorkerView.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.WorkingForm.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.WorkingHistoryForm.resources
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Candy\Desktop\OOAD\RoomRentalSystem\RoomRentalSystem\obj\Debug\RoomRentalSystem.SubForms.WorkingUpdate.resources
